fix(guide): Added solutions and some hints and problem explanations for curriculum related Guide articles being ported over to forum (#36545)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/iterate-with-javascript-for-loops/index.md

---
# Iterate with JavaScript For Loops

---
## Hints

### Hint 1
```javascript
for(var i = 0; i < 5; i++) {  // There are 3 parts here
```

There are three parts to for loop. They are separated by semicolons.

1. The initialization: `var i = 0;` - This code runs only once at the start of the loop. It's usually used to declare the counter variable (with `var`) and initialize the counter (in this case it is set to 0).

2. The condition: `i < 5;` - The loop will run as long as this is `true`. That means that as soon as `i` is equal to 5, the loop will stop looping. Note that the inside of the loop will never see `i` as 5 because it will stop before then. If this condition is initially `false`, the loop will never execute.

> 3. The increment: `i++` - This code is run at the end of each loop. It's usually a simple increment (`++` operator), but can really be any mathematical transformation. It is used to move the counter (`i`) forward (or backwards, or whatever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The increment: `i++` - This code is run at the end of each loop. It's usually a simple increment (`++` operator), but can really be any expression. It is used to move the counter (`i`) forward (or backwards, or whatever).
```
Pretty minor nitpicks here.
